{"changed":true,"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"README.md","value":"\n ## README.md\n\n ## A live demo:\n\n Can be found at StudentProject- My first milestone - user-centric-milestone website:https://soliv1.github.io/poco-harum-beyond-the-pale/\n\n## Technologies Used:\n\nHTML\nCSS\nBootstrap\nYou Tube\nSound Cloud\nHtml/ Css Validators\nhttps://validator.w3.org/nu/#textarea\n\n\n## Brief for Poco Harum \n\n##### A more comprehensive README.md file can be found in my libraries section:\n/README.md\n\nThis is a website that has been given a complete facelift.  It has a bright, sassy appearance while capturing the \"Swinging 60s\" mood!\nI think I have provided a UX experience targeted at fans but also to encourage new visitors to the site.\nThe Audience has a clearer understanding of where they can access information in a simplified user-friendly way.\n\n##  My sales pitch:\n\n\n### UX\n1) This website is for a target audience who appreciate the music and want to follow an iconic band from the 1960s. The fans both old and new\nare interested to know what is happening performance wise both at local venues, national and on tour.  The band are keen to keep the audience\ninformed with their activities.\n\n2)   ####UI = navigation / user experience - visually attractive.\nUser feels there is a clear interest in their needs - why they are here / learnablility - easy to understand / bite size information - keep information in bite size pieces to keep\ninterest and encourage user to return often.\nVisitors to the website generally looking for  one or two target things and then move on with their lives. With this behaviour in mind, developing a manageable\nand easily navagatable website is paramount.  Provide information that is subtle.\n\n\n3) This website provides the means to be able to access the information needed in a user friendly fashion and also\nprovide access to videos and music samples from the past.\n\n4) I drew a couple of quick diagrams and then transferred to Balsamiq for wireframe mockups.\n    I created several wireframes which include website / i-pad / i-phone and responsive.\n\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n\n### Credits:\n\nMy inspiration and Images come from:-\n1) website frameworks / structures\n   i)   My Whiskey and CV projects in\n  ii)   Interactive front end modules-The Code Institute\n        so credit goes to the authors for my inspiration from these\n        projects and I thank them.\n  iii) All the support and encouragement from the \"Slack\" community, in particular another student    Anna Greaves, who publishes her blogs / explains on her conference calls and excellent videos  clarifying different aspects of the technological process, to newbies like me, who may not quite have grasped the technological language used the first time.   Her support on \"Slack\" among other very helpful students is much appreciated; and also my Mentor.  I finde Slack a useful tool; very much valued and recourceful community.\n       and Anthony O'Brian for his suggestions on how to rid the \"overflow issues\" on my home screen.  Much appreciated.  I was given a useful tool see below to spot overflow issues:-\n       \n       * {\n  background: #000 !important;\n  color: #0f0 !important;\n  outline: solid #f00 1px !important;\n}\n       \n My inspiration for all album Images come from:-\n**cover art for the album \"Prodigal Stranger\" by the artist Procol Harum. The cover art copyright is believed to belong to the record label or the graphic artist(s).Credits**\nSource.\n\n    iv) Audio and visual links to YouTube / Spotify / Amazon websites / wikipedia for their excellent content.\n\n2) website frameworks / structures\n   i)   My Whiskey and CV projects in\n  ii)   Interactive front end modules-The Code Institute - so credit goes to the authors for my             inspiration from these\n        projects and I thank them.\n  iii)  All the support and encouragement from the Slack community and my Mentor, for helping me           source information and implement my website.\n        They know who they are.  Much appreciated and valued.\n\n2) Cheesecakewebsite - http://www.cheesecakeband.com\n\n3) Hayley Shafer - https://code-institute-solutions.github.io/StudentExampleProjectGradeFive/\n\n4) Wikipedia - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Procol_Harum\n\n3) Images and information plus links are sourced from various \"Poco Harum\" websites: http://www.procolharum.co.uk\nhttp://starling.rinet.ru/music/procol.htm\n\n    i)    Bert Sarco Express image photography\n    ii)   Beyond the Pale website\n    iii)  Beyond the Deep website\n    iv)   Visual links to YouTube\n          https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iW2kkivv1ZU\n     V)   Audio links - Sound Cloud\n       https://soundcloud.com/discover\n\n4) ### Gallery Features - <meta name=\"description\" content=\"\">\n    <meta name=\"author\" content=\"Mark Otto, Jacob Thornton, and Bootstrap contributors\">\n    <meta name=\"generator\" content=\"Jekyll v3.8.5\">\n    <title>Carousel Template · Bootstrap</title>\n    <link rel=\"canonical\" href=\"https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/examples/carousel/\">\n    \n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n\n### Mentor - Comments:\n• You need to work on spacings, margins and properly aligning items and elements on the site\n• Responsiveness still needs a bit more work e.g. on the tablet view, there is a white space to the right of the page\n\nI understand the above comments and am working on this as there is still room for improvement.  Then I will be more proficient on getting the website exactly the way I want!\nHowever, I am happy with my efforts so far and hope that it will appeal to the accessors.\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n\nI understand the above comments and am working on this as there is still room for improvement.  Then I will be more proficient on getting the website exactly the way I want!\nHowever, I am happy with my efforts so far and hope that it will appeal to the accessors.\n\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n#### CSS styles\n\n### Features\n  1) I use ####bootstrap#### which allows my website to be responsive from a mobile\n    first approach right up to a desktop.\n    To refresh my browser I used a hard command + shift + R on my Mac.to update my\n    website changes.  This is imperative in order to refresh the page fully and\n    update the changes made as I work through my project.\n\n    2) As I work on my project, I make sure to push to github frequently - I note that I am able to     fix various bugs along the way for example, re-aligning social-links to display in-line instead\n    of in a column and in two rows instead of one to accomodate all icons on display. This\n    seems to be the difference between my cloud9 local and github - small adjustments\n    can be made to keep things in check.\n\n    3) I use \"font awesome icons\" for my social icons increasing the size\n    ensures user ability with one finger specifically on mobile first; A user-friendly approach.\n    Example html.\n    <div class=\"display-inline col-sm-4\">\n                                <h5 class=\"uppercase general-sub\">Social Media</h5>\n                                <ul class=\"social-links\">\n                                    <li><a target=\"_blank\" href=\"facebook\"><i class=\"fab fa-facebook-square\"></i></a></li>\n                                    <li><a target=\"_blank\" href=\"twitter\"><i class=\"fab fa-twitter-square\"></i></a></li>\n                                    <li><a target=\"_blank\" href=\"linkedin\"><i class=\"fab fa-linkedin\"></i></a></li>\n\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n\n\n#### Anchor links and other links\n\nThe facebook button at the bottom of the left hand page links to the facebook icon in Jumbrotron lead near the top of the home page.   The hover effect works on the \"facebook and icon\".\nIt is supposed to link via the <a> to the facebook page at Procol Harum in the social links section at the bottom of the page.\n\nThere also should be anchor links from the bottom of the page to the centre and top of the website pages.  \nhese have not been deployed as yet. But in the real world should be deployed for easier navigation either via the scrolling effect or the anchor links.\n\nI try a \"scroll instruction\" at the top of the left hand page before the ####About section#####.  However, it seems unnecessary as according to peer review it was noticed\nonly after scrolling the website. \n\nMy email \"hover-links\" work by changing color on hover.\n\n#### Social links\n\nFor Social links with hover effect and ease-in-out:\n.social-links li a i {\n    width: 30px;\n    height: 30px;\n    padding: 12px 0;\n    border-radius: 50%;\n    font-size: 14px;\n    line-height: 7px;\n    text-align: center;\n    color: #fafafa;\n    background: #8f8f8f;\n    transition: all 0.35s ease-in-out;\n    -moz-transition: all 0.35s ease-in-out;\n    -webkit-transition: all 0.35s ease-in-out;\n    -o-transition: all 0.35s ease-in-out;\n}\n\n.social-links li {\n    display: inline;\n}\n\n.social-links li a i:hover {\n    background: #ce5a2b;\n}\n\n#footer-details {\n    margin: 25px;\n}\n### File Paths\nI had an issue with my file structure. My images were in the css folder instead of a separate images folder ( *see illustration below) inside the main assets folder.\nMy css folder was not properly represented inside my assets folder,  so in order to remedy this, I learned that \"File Paths are like directions\", directing the files where to look for other files within my file structure.\n\n#### Example file structure :\n-- top directory: *root* contains html file(s) and README.md. It also contains an *assets* directory/folder.\n---- *assets* directory: contains 2 more directories: *css* and *images*\n------*css* directory contains a *main.css* file.\n------*images* directory contains all my images.\n\ni) File names consist of names like *picture.jpg*.\nii) File paths are like directions. I tell the files where to look for other files within the file structure.\niii) Html files are always in the root directory, (the top one). So I tell my html where to find the styles in my css file, (_assuming one has this file structure_ I have to say: `assets/css/style.css`\n\nThis means I am saying to the html file: \"from the root directory (where I start from in a html file), I must first look for the *assets* folder(`assets/`), then look for the *css* folder(`assets/css`), and then look for the file named *style.css* (`assets/css/style.css`).\n\n#### But what occurs should I add links to my images in my *main.css* file?  the links *to* the image files *from* the css file are different!\n\n Therefore the direction (path) is different depending on where one starts from.\n\ni)So for image links from a css folder one says something different, for example: `../images/pic1.jpg`\nii)Because the css file is inside a *css folder*, _it cannot see anything but what is in that folder_, there are no other folders inside it.\n\niii) So the first instruction `../` says *come up out of the current folder* or another way to put it is *move BACK one folder from this one* which in this case would move one up out of the css folder and into the assets folder. From there the file path can see the images folder so the rest of the path `../images/picture.jpg` points the way to the image.\n\nI include a good video to explain file paths further, and to learn the difference between an absolute file path and a relative one:\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ephId3mYu9o.\n\n4) I include in my second page a Carousel Gallery from the 'Bootstrap template' collection for my images to be displayed and organise extra feature information.\n\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n\n ### UX Process\nIn this section I provide an insight into the UX process, focusing on who this website is for, what it is that they want to achieve and how this project is the best way to help them achieve these objectives.\n\n### I include a list of user stories to illustrate this process, with the following general structure:\n#### Some Actions to illustrate how as a user type, I want to perform an action, so that I can achieve a goal:-\n\n#### Navbar collapse / NavDropdown\ni)I use a \"navbar collapse\" for a responsive website. example:\n<div class=\"collapse navbar-collapse\" id=\"navbarNavDropdown\">\n                    <ul class=\"navbar-nav mr-auto\">\nThis provides a clean and uncluttered responsive website with the basic essential information which can be accessed via the 3-bar menu at the top right corner on mobiles and i-phones.  This is so the user can toggle easily with their right hand or both.\n#### Dropdown\nii) For ipads, laptops and desktops I have incorporated a traditional Dropdown menu for ease of use.  I also use a nav bar dropdown menu using anchor links to navigate up and down the web-page:\n                         <a class=\"nav-link dropdown-toggle\" href=\"#\" id=\"navbarDropdownMenuLink\" role=\"button\" data-toggle=\"dropdown\" aria-haspopup=\"true\" aria-expanded=\"false\">\n                        </a>\n                            <div class=\"dropdown-menu\" aria-labelledby=\"navbarDropdownMenuLink\">\n                                <a class=\"dropdown-item\" href=\"#navbarDropdownMenulink\">Home</a>\n                                <a class=\"dropdown-item\" href=\"#about-header\">About</a>\n                             </div>\n\n\n iii) #### I use a nav bar with dropdownmenu with anchor links to navigate the website sections.\n\n   #### Mood / Atmosphere - Thats Userinterface!\nUserinterface - is like a fully furnished living room where everything is in place and where you expect it to be.  People know where to find things / so make sure it is a good user interface.\nIn order to create an nostalgic atmosphere. I build a website invoking the mood and make available the latest \"happenings\".  I add  brightly coloured sections and images inspired by the Procol Harum era incorporating cover albums,\ncomplete with videos and audio for enjoyable listening. The logo is at the top left corner and the navbar is also at the top where expected. In my case the left corner next to the logo.  The home page clicks as it should and the dropdown menu is user friendly\nand takes the user seemlessly to the desired section.  Social links are always at the bottom and easily accessible at all times on every page, together with the munu links.\n\n#### Sign Up forms\n** to do** I build  a modal to create a \"sign up\" form to a newsletter.\n(W3 schools.com: Example )\n<div class=\"container\">\n  <h2>Sign up</h2>\n  <!-- Trigger the modal with a button -->\n  <button type=\"button\" class=\"btn btn-info btn-lg\" data-toggle=\"modal\" data-target=\"#myModal\">Open   Modal</button>\n\n3) ### To organise information from other websites - I redirect links to target websites without leaving the current one. I also create social links and \"callout lead\" to draw attention to their new Facebook page encouraging users to follow them on Facebook.\n\n\n4) ### The look and feel of the website reflects the music and the era through audio / video media, and is paramount. The quick access to relevant content is also a must have.\n\n**This section is where I share links to wireframes, mockups, diagrams etc. I created as part of the design process. These files should themselves either be included in the project itself (in an separate directory), or just hosted elsewhere online and can be in any format that is viewable inside the browser.**still to add**\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n## Features\nIn this section below, I cover different aspects of my project, incorporating some of the features I mentioned above.\n\n## User Stories\nREADME.md continued...\n\n## Procol Harum 1960s Band User stories:\n### Story 1\n John and his wife Jane, met in the heady summer of 1967 and remember well their time on that warm far off sunny day when they met for the first time at Glastonbury.\n They both remember that feeling of natural love and freedom to do what they want, and listen to the music that reflected their carefree mood.\n “Procol Harum” was a particular favourite of theirs; never failing to draw them back to that wonderful and swinging time of their early lives.\n This couple who of course, went on to marry each other, are major fans of ## Procol Harum ## and want to continue their love affair with the period and the band. They want to find a website that invokes the mood and be able to find out what is happening with the boys in the contemporary 21st century. They like to view the pictures and be drawn into the nostalgia of the past; another world and at the same time be brought up to date with what is happening.\n Catch the music from the era by listening to audios and be guided on where to find Procol Harum’s music quickly and easily via search links to other websites.\n### \"The look and feel of the website reflecting the music, the era via videos and other media, is paramount. The quick access to relevant content is also a must have\".\n\n### Story 2\n   Jack and his young group of 21st century band leaders are looking for modern contemporary music with a twist. Procol Harum is on their “inspiration list”.\n   He and his peers are looking to soak up as much of the ethos of Procol Harum and find out what makes them tick and their music so evocative.\n   They like rythmn and blues and harmonies as well as soft rock.\n   They want to be able to navigate their way through the information on offer on the website without having to leave the site altogether.\n\n   # Having the site as a base for searching all things “P H” suits them. They are busy band players and want to access information quickly and easily.\n     ### Story 2 - Referring to the boys in the contemporary 21st century.\n                    They like to view the pictures and be drawn into the nostalgia of the past; another world and at the same time be brought up to date with what is happening.\n                    Catch the music from the era by listening to audios and be guided on where to find Procol Harum’s music and research info and lyrics quickly and easily via search links to other websites.\n\n\n### Story 3\n    Another couple James and his long term partner Storm, have been together since the 1970s and own and work hard on their farm. They live an idyllic life with no children, but plenty of chickens, ducks, horses, goats, four dogs and two cats.\n    They love to listen to the P H music and keep up with the band. They follow them religiously and like to keep track with the “happenings”. Easy access navigation Bar and clicking their way around, encourages them to explore.\n     Neither of the couple are particularly computer savvy but can find their way around an easy user friendly website.\n\n\n### Story 4\n4. Andy is getting married soon and wants to find a band that incorporates the music of Procol Harum for his wedding and also wants to book his surprise honeymoon to Switzerland.\n5. He and his fiancé dream of seeing P H in concert in idyllic surroundings reflecting their soft rock and baroque music. They want to reserve their place and find out where to go and what to do. There are two concerts and they will be following their heroes to each destination. Information is available on the website via the links to find out what where and how to go about making this a reality for\nthem. A new facebook page regularly updated has been given pride of place on the home page to all fans to follow and keep them in the loop.\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n### Conclusion\nMaking this website as user friendly as possible is key as many of the legions of fans are of a certain age where computers were not necessarily a part of their lives. Hence also, the site should appeal to young and professionals alike. Those who have a deep appreciation of real music and musicians, should be able to feel comfortable using it, without feeling it is a stuffy place for a past generation.\nUsers should be able to quickly click and find relevant content.\n\nOn the other end of the spectrum older generations daunted by technology, are made to feel as comfortable as possible and want to return time and again to a friendly atmospheric place. The objectiive of this site is to make the user feel at home. To provide the information they may need in a\nvisual user friendly experience.\n-( UI = navigation / user experience - visually attractive with a clear interest in the needs of the user - I need to establish  \"why they are here / and provide learnability.  This means an easy to understand providing  bite size information.\n-I should  provide information so that os user, it looks easy to use:- ui = navigation / user experience - visually attractive. clear interest in their needs - why they are here / learnablility -easy to understand / bite size information - keep information in bite size pieces.\n-Look for  one or two target things and move on with their lives.\n-Be subtle in  information.  - looking for one or two target topics and move on with their lives.  -\n-Be subtle in compiling and collating information in order to continue to entice user to find out / read more.....\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n#### Atmosphere/Mood - a website for everyone who loves the era of music from an iconic 1960s Band\nSoft furnishings, warm light, a little bit of psychedelic. This website should appeal to a wide and diverse age group without excluding anyone. Target audience 20s and 30s right up to those in their 70s.\n                                -Ends-User Stories-Ends-\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n\n/* Features Left to Implement\nAnother feature idea */\n\n### Technologies Used\nIn this section: Frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that I have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n#### HTML audio tag\nI used this as an audio base for listening to a sample of Procola Harum's music:-\nw3schools.com\nWell organized and easy to understand Web building tutorials with lots of examples of how to use HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL, PHP, Python, Bootstrap, Java and XML.\nHowever, I decided not to use this and replace it with the Cloud\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n<audio controls>\n  <source src=\"horse.ogg\" type=\"audio/ogg\">\n  <source src=\"horse.mp3\" type=\"audio/mpeg\">\n  Your browser does not support the audio tag.\n</audio>\nhttps://www.w3schools.com/tags/tryit.asp?filename=tryhtml5_audio\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n#### Embed Video\nhttps://www.w3schools.com/html/html_youtube.asp\n(w3schools.com)\nHTML YouTube Videos\nWell organized and easy to understand Web building tutorials with lots of examples of how to use HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL, PHP, Python, Bootstrap, Java and XML.\n\n  i)  Upload the video to YouTube\n ii)  Take a note of the video id\niii)  Define an <iframe> element in your web page\n iv)  Let the src attribute point to the video URL\n  v)  Use the width and height attributes to specify the dimension of the player\n vi)  Add any other parameters to the URL (see below)\n\nI use this on my website to showcase examples of videos from the era of Procol Harum such as\n\"Whiter Shade of Pale\"\n\nIn the \"Anthology\" section I would like to showcase many more videos in an overflow scroll to the right section. Use the scroll to the  right to access a collection of more videos.\n\n**Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.**\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n#### Contact form:\nGo to the \"Contact Us\" page\nTry to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears\nTry to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears\nTry to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.\nIn addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n####  TESTING SECTION: Bugs or problems I discovered during testing:\n\n*This page can also be found on my bugs section in libraries https:./libraries/bugs*\n\n*https: ./libraries/bugs/READunresolved.md*\n\n\n##### Background Images on home page too big on mobile - iphone - ipad. Bug: UNRESOLVED\n\nI want the background image to scale to fit the whole screen, maintain aspect ratio and be fixed (so if you scroll down, the background image stays in the same place).\nI have achieved this in desktop browsers with the CSS below, but it doesn't work on an iPhone or iPad.\nOn those devices the background is too big (it continues below the fold) and if you scroll down far enough, the image will start repeating. I found a fix via the Slack Community.  This is the new css code below as follows:\n\nbody:before {\n  content: \"\";\n  display: block;\n  position: fixed;\n  left: 0;\n  top: 0;\n  width: 100%;\n  height: 100%;\n  z-index: -10;\n  background: url(\"../images/poco-8.png\") no-repeat center center;\n  -webkit-background-size: cover;\n  -moz-background-size: cover;\n  -o-background-size: cover;\n  background-size: cover;\n}\nI am trying out different solutions\n\n###### The Previous Code I replaced with above code is below:\n/* Containers - creates a scroll flexible background*/\n\n.callout-container {\n    height: 100vh;\n\n    background: url(\"../images/poco-8.png\") no-repeat bottom right fixed;\n    -webkit-background-size: cover;\n    -moz-background-size: cover;\n    -o-background-size: cover;\n    background-size: cover;\n\n    display: flex;\n    align-items: center;\n    justify-content: center;\n\n    position: relative;\n}\n\n.opaque-overlay {\n    position: absolute;\n    top: 0;\n    left: 0;\n    height: 100%;\n    width: 100%;\n    background-color: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2);\n}\n\n###### I have now returned to the Previous Code I had briefly replaced - am adjusting media queries instead.\n\nFor parallax effect I have been given 3 more approaches to try and resolve my mobile image effect issue\n1. Get rid of background-attachment fixed altogether\n2. Use @media queries to take it off on devices based on size (CI use this approach on their sample site no5).\n3. Use @support queries to take it off for iOS only (so iphones and ipads). This is the gold star approach!\n\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n#### Overflow Home Page\n\nHad a problem with overflow on my page at the end of my project just before submitting:\nThe url address is below:\n\n* {\n  background: #000 !important;\n  color: #0f0 !important;\n  outline: solid #f00 1px !important;\n}\n\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n###### Spacings and responsiveness:\n\n• I need to work on spacings, margins and properly aligning items and elements on the site\n• Responsiveness still needs a bit more work e.g. on the tablet view, there is a white space to the right of the page on mobile and tablet views.\n\n!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n\n##### Testing images on different browsers\nI had problems making my background images appear in my git hub website.\nI  tried a number of different methods and ways of changing my file paths to suit git hub.\nI discover what appears to suit chrome and firefox websites does not necessarily mean my site is compatible with git hub.\nAfter much trial and error, I finally manage\nto make the background images appear and I think it was something more to do with clearing my\ncss code of unnecesary clutter.\nOnce I deleted a series of codes and pushed my work to github the\nimages magically appeared.\nSo I think it may have been a combination of factors involving file paths and clearing my main.css of code clutter during the website building process.\nfor example I finally settled for the following image path which seems to work.\nSee my example here:-\n\n   #### background: url(\"../images/poco-8.png\") no-repeat bottom right fixed;\n    -webkit-background-size: cover;\n    -moz-background-size: cover;\n    -o-background-size: cover;\n    background-size: cover;\n\n    display: flex;\n    align-items: center;\n    justify-content: center;\n\n    position: relative;\n<!------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------>\n    My lovely \"social Links\" I was inspired to use from the\n    ##### Code Institute-Mini Project with Bootstrap 4, Resume Project#####\n    were causing me a headache.\n    When I was building my site quite a number of times I accidently upset the structure of my code.\n    This seem to cause the code to intermintantly cause my social media to lose all its lovely styles, especially when I gitbubed it.  Several times I had to return to an earlier commit to try to resolve this.\n    As I did not know exactly what the problem was, after trial and error and reaching out to the wonderful Slack Community, I finally fix the social links code structure - See my html and css codes below:-\n\n                    Css {% codeblock %}\n                    code_snippet\n                    <footer class=\"social-links li \">\n            <div class=\"row \">\n                <div class=\"display-inline col-sm-4 \">\n                    <h5 class=\"uppercase \">Social Media</h5>\n                    <ul class=\"social-links li \">\n                        <li><a target=\"_blank \" href=\"#facebook.com/btpsite \"><i class=\"fab fa-facebook-square \"></i></a></li>\n                        <li><a target=\"_blank \" href=\"#twitter.com \"><i class=\"fab fa-twitter-square \"></i></a></li>\n                        <li><a target=\"_blank \" href=\"#linkedin.com \"><i class=\"fab fa-linkedin \"></i></a></li>\n                        <li><a target=\"_blank \" href=\"#pinterest.com \"><i class=\"fab fa-pinterest-square \"></i></a></li>\n                        <li><a target=\"_blank \" href=\"#instagram.com \"><i class=\"fab fa-tumblr-square \"></i></a></li>\n                        <li><a target=\"_blank \" href=\"#youtube.com \"><i class=\"fab fa-youtube-square \"></i></a></li>\n                    </ul>\n                </div>\n            </div>\n        </footer>\n                    {% endcodeblock %}\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n\n.social-links li {\n    display: inline;\n}\n\n.social-links li a i {\n    width: 30px;\n    height: 30px;\n    padding: 12px 0;\n    border-radius: 50%;\n    font-size: 14px;\n    line-height: 7px;\n    text-align: center;\n    color: #fafafa;\n    background: #8f8f8f;\n    transition: all 0.35s ease-in-out;\n    -moz-transition: all 0.35s ease-in-out;\n    -webkit-transition: all 0.35s ease-in-out;\n    -o-transition: all 0.35s ease-in-out;\n}\n\n.social-links li a i:hover {\n    background: #ce5a2b;\n}\n\n                    {% endcodeblock %}\n\n  First I Look at the order I am opening and closing my <li> and <a> and <i>inside them.\n  Througj a process of eliminateion I finally arrived at the conclusion that my\n href=\"\" for my links need to be _an actual link_ or `#` between the quotes. I fixed those links but that did not quite work, however, in doing so I notice that because\n  social-links is a class, it needs a `.` before it in my css.  One problem solved and then finally to bring my social links to life on my website I target the\n`.social-links li`  and then changed inline-block to  just `inline`.  I am glad to report problem permanantly solved.\n<!------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------>\n\n#### Deployment\nThis section should describe the process you went through to deploy the project to a hosting platform (e.g. GitHub Pages or Heroku).\n\ni)To deploy the website - I commited to github and started the process of pushingto git hub.  I git add . ; git -m \"commit content\"; git status; git push to remote.\nMany times due to local issues with cloud9 not being compatible with my server, I had to reset to previous commits. I was unable to preview and as a result made many mistakes and unnecessary\nchanges.\n\n#### Procedure at Remote site\n\nii) Once I push commits to github I can configure GitHub Pages to publish my site's source files from master.\niii) Having enabled this GitHub, then navigate to my GitHub Pages site's repository.\n\nIV) Under my repository name, I click  Settings. I then select source drop-down menu to select \"master\" or gh-pages as my GitHub Pages publishing source. I then click SAVE.\n\nV)  Github pages notifys me that my site is ready at  http//:poco-harum-beyond-the-pale\n\nReferences:\nhttps://help.github.com/en/articles/configuring-a-publishing-source-for-github-pages\n\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n#### Cloning my Repository\n\ni)  When I create a repository on GitHub, it exists as a remote repository. I can clone my repository so that I create a local copy on my computer and sync between the two locations.\n\nii) Assuming I have already created a repository on GitHub, or have an existing repository owned by someone else like to contribute to, I navigate to the repository main page.\n\niii)  Under the repository name I click the CLONE or DOWNLOAD buton.\n      In the Clone with HTTPs section, I click the \"copypage icon\" to copy the clone URL for the         repository.\n\n1v)    Open Terminal.\n\nV)     I change current working directory to the location where I want the cloned directory to            be made.\n\n vi)   I type git clone, and then paste the URL you copied in Step 2.\n       $ git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY\n\nVii)  I press enter and my local clone has been created.   **(See below example)\n\n$ git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY\n> Cloning into `Spoon-Knife`...\n> remote: Counting objects: 10, done.\n> remote: Compressing objects: 100% (8/8), done.\n> remove: Total 10 (delta 1), reused 10 (delta 1)\n> Unpacking objects: 100% (10/10), done.\n\nviii)  I can also clone to desktop by doing the following:-\n       - navigate to the main page of the repository on Github\n       - Click the repository name and then click the desktop icon then\n       - follow the prompts in Github desktop to complete clone.  For more information, see                  \"Cloning a repository from GitHub to GitHub Desktop\".\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n### I use video embeds\nI include videos in my website and to make them responsive - I use Bootstrap documentation to locate how to enable a \"responsive embed\" I use the following code:\n\n<div class=\"embed-responsive embed-responsive-16by9\">\n  <iframe class=\"embed-responsive-item\" src=\"https://www.youtube.com/embed/zpOULjyy-n8?rel=0\" allowfullscreen></iframe>\n</div>\n\nwhich resolves the (mobile first) responsive conflict for use on smaller screens and X and Y can view on most mobiles.\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n#### Resolving Push / Pull Merge Conflicts\nAt one stage of the git commit process - I git pushed and git pulled and merged several different sections but ran into conflicts on my git hub remote and unable to git hub to the remote repository I had to resolve conflicts and merges. I was given directions via \"Slack\" on how to do this which I have added for future reference here:-\ni) The areas marked with >>>> are marking where your local files are and the ones pulled from     github are different.\n\nii) Cloud9 doesn't know which ones to keep and which to get rid of.\n\niii) So go through it, remove any code not needed any more.  Take out all the >>>> lines with the numbers and letters in until the code looks the way it should to move forward.\n\niv) Once they are all removed, save all the files.\nthen Git add, git commit with the message \"fixed merge conflicts\"\nthen push it to github so everything is in sync.\n\nV) Once this is done in my terminal (master | MERGING) it should return to just (master) to move forward.\n\nFortunately I am able to git log then set to a previous commit on github.\n\n//**In particular, one provide all details of the differences between the deployed version and the development version, if any, including:\n\nDifferent values for environment variables (Heroku Config Vars)?\n\nDifferent configuration files?\n\nSeparate git branch?\n\nIn addition, if it is not obvious, you should also describe how to run your code locally.//\n\nClick below link for further information regarding pull requests:-\nhttps://help.github.com/en/articles/about-pull-requests\n\n### This is a test push to see if everything is up-to-date and working properly\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n\n### Technologies Used: This is a bootstrap feature - Bootstrap Float left and right button bar\nI add a bootstrap feature which I like and styled it at the base of my gallery page.  A float right and float left button bar which I find strikeing and very user friendly to sign up for newsletter and to join sign up for the latest happenings.\n\n### Carousel - Website template &amp. (photo slide show)\nI use a basic \"carousel\"  template to create some interesting features. I deploy the top interactive carousel without the photograph album slides which I will deploy at a later date.\nRight now there is enough happening without adding more features. This may may require another page (but that is another story another project). but using the headings as a call-out information tool to focus attention on further information, links and signing up for the newsletter.\nIt catches attention to encourage the user to learn more.  There is a gallery of pictures on this page with links to further information or listen to music.\n\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n### Contact Page &amp; Submit Form - Bug unresolved NOW resolved\n\nI use a combination of W3 schools and inspired by usercentric ucd -\"resume project\" styled to suit the needs of the website.\nhttps://www.w3schools.com/php/php_forms.asp\n\nI am having trouble with the layout of the form and will need to fix this bug - I have not managed to rectify this yet.  But I want to include the form to show\nthe error message in the submit form.  I need to resolve this error.  I am  unable to deploy the above menu at this stage - It has disappeared fromt the top of the website although the logo is still there.  I want to be able to link back to the \"Home\" page.\nI delete the menu layout code and head over to my index.html page; copy and paste exactly as it is, and then hard refresh my contact code.  This time it works and\nI resolve the bug.\n\n### Search button\nThe search button is disabled.  Although I add the search button, I have not worked out how to link this to finding information on the website yet.  I need to resolve this at some point.\n\n### Validation Process\n\nIn index.html found the following message:\n\nError: The frameborder attribute on the iframe element is obsolete. Use CSS instead.\n\nFrom line 351, column 25; to line 351, column 340\n\n<iframe width=\"100%\" height=\"300\" scrolling=\"no\"frameborder=\"no\" allow=\"autoplay\" src=\"https://w.so…ed=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&show_teaser=true&vi\n\n\n### Validation Process\n\nError: The scrolling attribute on the iframe element is obsolete. Use CSS instead.\n\nFrom line 365, column 25; to line 365, column 337\n\n          <iframe width=\"100%\"\n\nI could not find the width substitute for 100% in i-frame\nhttps://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/dom.html#heading-content-2\n\nResolved by removing the obsolete attribute and using CSS instead:\nframeborder on iframe elements\t'border' on iframe\n\nhttps://wiki.whatwg.org/wiki/Presentational_elements_and_attributes\n<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\n\n### Populating the website and Conclusion\nThe objective, is to bring as much information as posssible into a coherant, attractive and userfriendly space on one web-site.\nCurrently a thorough search of the internet is needed to find information and there is more than one Procal Harum website.\nThey are can be found by searching the internet.\nUsers are not always sure what they are searching for and there is information overload on some of the webpages.\nTiny writing and too much information to take in at once.\nThe appearance of two of the websites are a bit dire in my opinion and definately need my expertise to freshen up and revamp their internet presence.\nInformation appears to be disconnected and incoherently scattered, which is fine if y know what y is looking for.\nWith information in one place, y can find information and the joy of discovering something new too.\n\nWith this in mind my website reflects how everything can be consolidated and brought together. This site can be continually refreshed / populated and updated as often as needed, without having to create a different platform in piecemeal fashion to suit a topic or subject.\nMy website will do everything it says on the \"tin\".  What I demonstrate here is the power of what\na well organised website can do as a successful and userfriendly presence on the internet.\nA bright sassy UX and UI experience awaits the visitor to the site from all walks of life and age level with a passion for exciting music celebrating fifty years of the legendary Procol Harum.\n\n# A fitting tribute to an illustrious English Band!\n\n                        -Ends-\n","undoManager":{"mark":-2,"position":0,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":102,"column":0},"end":{"row":119,"column":48},"action":"remove","lines":["<<<<<<< HEAD","    <!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->","### Mentor - Comments:","","• You need to work on spacings, margins and properly aligning items and elements on the site","• Responsiveness still needs a bit more work e.g. on the tablet view, there is a white space to the right of the page","=======","    ","<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->","","### Mentor - Comments:","• You need to work on spacings, margins and properly aligning items and elements on the site","• Responsiveness still needs a bit more work e.g. on the tablet view, there is a white space to the right of the page","","I understand the above comments and am working on this as there is still room for improvement.  Then I will be more proficient on getting the website exactly the way I want!","However, I am happy with my efforts so far and hope that it will appeal to the accessors.","<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->",">>>>>>> ba07bf78db7c206578656ef6e27395c58abdb7b7"],"id":2},{"start":{"row":102,"column":0},"end":{"row":111,"column":103},"action":"insert","lines":["    ","<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->","","### Mentor - Comments:","• You need to work on spacings, margins and properly aligning items and elements on the site","• Responsiveness still needs a bit more work e.g. on the tablet view, there is a white space to the right of the page","","I understand the above comments and am working on this as there is still room for improvement.  Then I will be more proficient on getting the website exactly the way I want!","However, I am happy with my efforts so far and hope that it will appeal to the accessors.","<!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->"]}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":171,"scrollleft":46.5,"selection":{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":0,"column":0},"isBackwards":true},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":{"row":5,"state":"start","mode":"ace/mode/markdown"}},"timestamp":1562285085580}